Problem Statement

Write the code to implement the concept of inheritance forVehicles. You are required to implement inheritance betweenclasses. You have to write four classes in java i.e. one superclass, two sub classes and one driver class.

Vehicle is the super class whereas Bus and Truck are sub classesof Vehicle class. Transport is a driver class which contains mainmethod.

Detailed description:

Detailed description of Vehicle (Super class):

The class Vehicle must have following attributes:

Vehicle model
Registration number
Vehicle speed (km/hour)
Fuel capacity (liters)
Fuel consumption (kilo meters/liter)
The Vehicle class must have following methods:

Parameterized constructor that will initialize all the datamembers with the given values.
Getters and Setters for each data member that will get and setthe values of data members of class.
A method fuelNeeded() that will takedistance (in kilo meter) as an argument.It will calculate the amount of fuel needed for the given distanceand will return the value of fuel needed for given distance. Youcan use the attributes ‘Fuel consumption’defined within above Vehicle class to determine the fuel needed forthe given distance. You are required to implement thisfunctionality by yourself.
A method distanceCovered() that willtake time (in hours) as an argument. Itwill calculate the distance for the given time and speed andreturns the value of distance. The formula to calculate speed isgiven as speed = distance/time. You can use thisformula to calculate the distance.
A display() method that will displayall the information of a vehicle.
Detailed description of Truck (Sub class):

The class Truck must have following attribute:

Cargo weight limit (Kilo grams)

The above class must have following methods:

Parameterized constructor that will initialize all data memberswith the given values.
Getters and setters for each data member that will get and setthe values of data members of class.
It must also override the display()method of Vehicle class and must call display() method of superclass within overridden method.
Detailed description of Bus (Sub class):

The class Bus must have following attribute:

No of passengers

The above class must have following methods:

Parameterized constructor that will initialize all the datamembers with given values.
Getters and setters that will get and set the value of eachdata member of class.
It must also override the display()method of Vehicle class and must call display method of super classwithin overridden method.
Create a class Transport whichcontains the main method. Perform the following within mainmethod:

Create an instance of class Truck and initialize all the datamembers with proper values.
Create an instance of class Bus and initialize all the datamembers with proper values.
Now, call fuelNeeded(),distanceCovered() anddisplay() methods using objects of theseclasses.